README.md, before:

## Hi there <img src="https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/latest/1f402/512.gif" alt="🐂" width="32" height="32">, I am Puso Ramoroa!

...

<img alt="YouTube Channel Subscribers" src="https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCRLxhnsxBAq9op-CzDzmoYQ"> <img alt="X (formerly Twitter) URL" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Fx.com%2Fgustavreagile">

A digital marketer with photography skills and I am learning Software development as a student at Codespace.  I have worked in fields like News Agencies, Farming(Agriculture) and have been an entrepreneur of an online food platform called <a href="https://www.instagram.com/yourcater/">yourcater™<a/>.

...

🧰 Toolbox:

<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" height="50" width="50">  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" height="50" width="50">  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="50" width="50"> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/github/github-original-wordmark.svg" height="50" width="50"> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original-wordmark.svg" height="50" width="50"> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" height="50" width="50"> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original-wordmark.svg" height="80" width="80"> 

...

🗞️ Blog:

Substack Blog - (https://t.co/pkwMy3Qtnk)

...

🌱 I’m currently studing a Software Development course with Codespace | 2024. 

<!--
**Puso90/Puso90** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Added some experience
Added a fun fact about my experience

README.md, after:

## Hi there <img src="https://fonts.gstatic.com/s/e/notoemoji/latest/1f402/512.gif" alt="🐂" width="32" height="32">, I am Puso Ramoroa!

...

<img alt="YouTube Channel Subscribers" src="https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCRLxhnsxBAq9op-CzDzmoYQ"> <img alt="X (formerly Twitter) URL" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Fx.com%2Fgustavreagile">

A digital marketer with photography skills and I am learning Software development as a student at Codespace.  I have worked in fields like News Agencies, Farming(Agriculture) and have been an entrepreneur of an online food platform called <a href="https://www.instagram.com/yourcater/">yourcater™<a/>.

...

🧰 Toolbox:

<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" height="50" width="50">  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" height="50" width="50">  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" height="50" width="50"> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/github/github-original-wordmark.svg" height="50" width="50"> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original-wordmark.svg" height="50" width="50"> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" height="50" width="50"> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original-wordmark.svg" height="80" width="80"> 

...

🗞️ Blog:

Substack Blog - (https://t.co/pkwMy3Qtnk)

...

🌱 I’m currently studing a Software Development course with Codespace | 2024. 

...

⚡ Fun fact: I'm experienced at Cattle🐂 production farming and management and ploughing and planting sunflowers🌱 on 100 hectar land.

<!--
**Puso90/Puso90** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
